# gideon

gideon is a chat bot built on the [Hubot][hubot] framework. It was
initially generated by [generator-hubot][generator-hubot], and configured to be
deployed on [Heroku][heroku] to get you up and running as quick as possible.

This README is intended to help get you started. Definitely update and improve
to talk about your own instance, how to use and deploy, what functionality is
available, etc!

[heroku]: http://www.heroku.com
[hubot]: http://hubot.github.com
[generator-hubot]: https://github.com/github/generator-hubot

### running gideon locally

You can test your hubot by running the following, however some plugins will not
behave as expected unless the [environment variables](#configuration) they rely
upon have been set.

You can start gideon locally by running:

    % bin/hubot

You'll see some start up output and a prompt:

    [Sat Feb 28 2015 12:38:27 GMT+0000 (GMT)] INFO Using default redis on localhost:6379
    gideon>

Then you can interact with gideon by typing `gideon help`.

    gideon> gideon help
    gideon animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds [snip]
    gideon help - Displays all of the help commands that gideon knows about.
    ...

###Configuration

There is one .hear command in which, if you input "hey gideon" in slack, gideon should respond with "yes sir?" I primarily use this to see if gideon is around and/or awake.


I've set up gideon primarily with .respond listening, in which gideon will respond to certain keywords when someone specifically mentions the Hubot or send a direct message. In slack team JS-SF-6, gideon is known as bluebot.

The switch statement has been used twice with gideon. 

##First Switch
You could ask gideon the following:

    "what "
    - "is your favorite dance move?"
    - "is the meaning of life?"
    - "are the class topics"

    If gideon doesn't recognize your what question, gideon will not understand and will respond as such.

    My favorite what is the "what are the class topics?" which will have gideon respond by listing each of the class topics by iterating through an array containing them. Which is very useful for the class slides command below.

##Class Slides
The "class slides" command allows you to request the class slides you need from the topics list. So if you type in "class slides 1" gideon will return a link for the class slides from 1.

##Second Switch 
The second switch statement is about feelings. You could tell gideon the following:

    "feeling "
    - "tired"
    - "blah"
    - "crazy"
    - "done" 

    If gideon doesn't recognize your feelings, gideon will not understand and will tell you to phone a friend.

    Gideon's responses will vary and most will will be from random from an array.

One last thing, when sending "thank you!" directly to gideon, gideon is suppose to directly reply back with "++ you're welcome!"